Add April 2020 scale test document (#29)
ONSdigital/eq-survey-runner-benchmark: doc/scale-test-april-2020.md

| 90  | 25,500 | 1220 | 300-350 | 0.17   | [output](https://console.cloud.google.com/storage/browser/eq-stress-test-load-injectors-benchmark-outputs/stress-test-household-90/2020-04-17T11:22:12/) |
| 90  | 27,000 | 1330 | 320-340 | 0      | [output](https://console.cloud.google.com/storage/browser/eq-stress-test-load-injectors-benchmark-outputs/stress-test-household-90/2020-04-17T11:45:02/) |
| 100 | 28,000 | 1350 | 400-500 | 0.16   | [output](https://console.cloud.google.com/storage/browser/eq-stress-test-load-injectors-benchmark-outputs/stress-test-household-100/2020-04-17T12:06:33/) |
| 100 | 28,000 | 1400 | 400-520 | 0.14   | [output](https://console.cloud.google.com/storage/browser/eq-stress-test-load-injectors-benchmark-outputs/stress-test-household-100/2020-04-17T12:29:03/) |

- 600 instances, 2400 vCPU available, 1800 vCPU requested
- Error rate includes any HTTP status codes in the 400 and 500 range (neither are expected)
- The 99th percentile timings are the load balancer response times reported in Stackdriver

## Observations

> - In the first run of 90 instances there was an increase in HTTP 502 errors on POST. Re-running the same test immediately a second time, no errors were observed. The assumption is data store scaled based on the volume to cope with the surge in demand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the first run of 90 instances, there was an increase in HTTP 502 errors on POST. Re-running the same test immediately a second time, no errors were observed. The assumption is Datastore scaled based on the volume to cope with the surge in demand.
```

> - When we got to 100 instances both runs had increased error rates (HTTP 502) but the CPU wasn't being pushed much further than in the 90 instances test. Data store may be the bottleneck here. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When we got to 100 instances, both runs had increased error rates (HTTP 502), but the CPU wasn't being pushed much further than in the 90 instances test. Datastore may be the bottleneck here. 
```

- The average submission rate in the 90 instances test was 114 responses per second, which is 410,000 responses per hour (assuming requests remain stable over an hour).

## Recommendations

> - Speak to CATD and Google about scaling of:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Speak to CATD and Google about the scaling of:
```
